DOCS-3603 Update Periodic Snapshots Article (#1354)
truenas/documentation: content/CORE/CORETutorials/Tasks/CreatingPeriodicSnapshotTasks.md

Always consider future uses and ensure the name given to a periodic snapshot is acceptable.
{{< /hint >}}

## Managing Periodic Snapshot Tasks

Click **SUBMIT** to save the task in **Tasks > Periodic Snapshot Tasks**.

> You'll find any snapshots from this task in **Storage > Snapshots**.

Reviewer: You'll is roughly the equiv of You will so this needs to change to maybe
```suggestion
You can find any snapshots from this task in **Storage > Snapshots**.
```
